msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerRPCDelay#testBalancerRPCDelay
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 202199900 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 558407058 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 22210491 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1544566374 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 30010630 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 903100586 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 67107979 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 602372116 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1183497198 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1872809997 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1376901290 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1413236996 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1838536831 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 279691073 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1279163974 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1939865977 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 136489985 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 641807183 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1675124784 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 138314125 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1881602177 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 637442811 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1225279766 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 128053054 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 884118316 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1486160339 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1071322172, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1346663145, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1857455411, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 462980051, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1050729533, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1534728285, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 643913394, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1654925017, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1071596529, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1853692523, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 282708297, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 331236258, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 86491124, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 511761546, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 452238922, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1254375713, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1278785059, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 349736904, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 399416062, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1456954044, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 156819979, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1128409219, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 932245094, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 67792796, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerRPCDelay#testBalancerRPCDelay
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerRPCDelay#testBalancerRPCDelay
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
