msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testBlockTokenExpired
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 130479791 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 892122597 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 2012495959 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1567333393 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1259944638 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1270191880 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1431386836 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 169198016 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1109094482 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 875680313 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 772781342 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1391532103 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1761735775, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1015804193, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2102606443, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1059543577, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 879836264, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1207012338, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1848654956, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1160009324, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 483070835, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1766421278, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1139580468 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 241139546 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1452274470 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 75580065 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 137539660 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 842064614 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1191091805 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1188096975 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1775184052 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1851473230 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1285906412, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 875619212, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 131068595, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 29941193, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1347868413, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 713264591, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1763199038, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1131563439, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 393157218, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1456117968, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 454619017 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1313630706 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 955707581 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1841802240 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1969796307 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 245223234 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2082080248 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1532372204 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1430854902 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 477335751 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2021311837, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 137654889, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1747526982, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 671887078, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1368928272, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1465031478, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 958164665, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1571886755, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 688053973, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 262576281, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 344246046 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 742753340 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1886681322 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1405558289 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 230222657 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1209211764 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2024634274 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 614326573 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1954043805 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1368980704 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 81876296, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2124961541, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 747309062, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1168206807, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1895073757, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1638611451, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1396655782, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1635753996, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 583151088, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 592045897, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1851046917 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2100035451 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 228605372 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1798212378 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1145344317 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2095497161 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1049109358 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1706245828 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1363976719 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 519117415 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 705710696, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1547204194, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 398110442, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1492789228, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1933590107, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 738962966, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 948233236, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1480569237, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2024356176, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1445812556, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testBlockTokenExpired
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testBlockTokenExpired
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
