msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 922872566 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 133250414 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testSnapshot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1309176095 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 951988316 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1713605602 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1302141801 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1624788833, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 504478805, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 198098993, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1269773610, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2032399795 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1728057672 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1779479139 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1445999733 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 62309924, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 513279161, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1939869193, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 987489551, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1485624601 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 950125603 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 851033362 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1842173497 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1242427797, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1019009267, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1579584742, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2000563893, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1700078557 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1188671176 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1359603919 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1996556848 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1850301256, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 551994588, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1900307803, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1020632821, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1745701482 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1061998933 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1350269431 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1760763936 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 880908391, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 892611887, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 376601041, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 939625314, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 300659126 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 911857585 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1031479068 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1011276990 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1605783571, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1529303412, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 567391009, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1316205906, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1329492804 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1324165839 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1143135560 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1446238973 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 378327915, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 754592847, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1389808948, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1001351478, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 605600260 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1048332309 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1063801186 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1377212248 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1903051549, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 542598487, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 534643569, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 730584984, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 279963418 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 507765539 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1928900108 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 347572726 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1798194863, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1385352906, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 110197684, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1821581506, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1881309779 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1163664780 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1517266286 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1177852821 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1562912969, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1128600792, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 863748063, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 125549276, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1210165919 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1648278215 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 713464342 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 810593327 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 91831175, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 697240075, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1966787205, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 438493423, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 135002781 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1283364748 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1204822967 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 683523720 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1654015823, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2106609649, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 773708944, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 551056181, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1988062951 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1370494288 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 312560500 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1250848393 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 541769471, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 173783788, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1279556617, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 752230403, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1850055104 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1339858954 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1732902480 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 918200393 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1408073939, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 390138887, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1002762002, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 848644304, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 238612663 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 740950652 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1703358554 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 597623166 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2127814459, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1051927339, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 878242981, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 823263265, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1725825266 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 943501193 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1064040618 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1531409183 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1406018450, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1687430663, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 307080309, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1680365536, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1276002922 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 379776337 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1074868579 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1933493643 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1870812438, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1810748644, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 899068489, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2027363825, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 70543368 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2133998394 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1217347025 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2126392903 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2000851008, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2124562732, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1741684397, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 977278793, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1402211887 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1454942961 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 111238003 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1974379194 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2040500590, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 970900790, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 507507251, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 813583428, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 598569407 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 253988431 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 545266875 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 918475642 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1089280002, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2122480101, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1346560976, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 721975085, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 196237139 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2021540695 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 37528429 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 728526866 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 123948843, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2035225037, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 458736453, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 609375192, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1839529707 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1333923650 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 904848961 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1929576211 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1594424832, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1430070649, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1144673247, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 157849544, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 792275116 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 550351186 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1918203718 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 923727115 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 289378424, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 754853679, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1165646637, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1511906746, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1572423881 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1442883034 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2133325211 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 687608114 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1777112002, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1779787990, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1009313206, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1796615884, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 956448191 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1561936660 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1351275110 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2073069810 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1946917456, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 215694469, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 294817977, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 586164630, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2000267972 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 697818620 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1243234606 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 540962910 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1653634548, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1352294549, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1490297742, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 3804010, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1468809177 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 716216643 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1120887625 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2021466012 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1895751293, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1837581973, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2066315072, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1395259059, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 408987553 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 545116599 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1256782634 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 710589756 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1958814164, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1180773372, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1710483461, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1915040171, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1986126964 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 232782444 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 572302485 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1501624947 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1692174022, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1599488589, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 928023753, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1808652004, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1749250768 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1047854468 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1786386957 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1743224658 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 908744222, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1321037782, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 195730660, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1003521077, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 908139452 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 566105282 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 306693934 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 804153761 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 997657863, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2130241059, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1154275164, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 855769947, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2093086508 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 57172873 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1843321088 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 729248981 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1671973814, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1521891844, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 18529644, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2121754508, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1592713508 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1090123277 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1379436911 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2111069331 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1340267778, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1872258305, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1861043945, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 668417314, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 249483336 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1181756454 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1237856866 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1959690207 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1988556545, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 251546027, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1769640623, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1182463628, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 621843976 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 133008196 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2000728235 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1617646499 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 834093538, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1887922615, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 110687402, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 551377008, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1270816977 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 180676240 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 877630567 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1928589644 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 63078258, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 416682209, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1967467242, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1058101486, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 267769073 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 267694627 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1366968051 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2048777201 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1891763647, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2145942542, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1439821925, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1445358554, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1482910544 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 100380224 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1456299382 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1943699208 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 193206035, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1869116781, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 124017533, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 474210166, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 28591285 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2098738059 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 127635147 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2143419697 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1314740929, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 389701549, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 321451138, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1440325059, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 824781215 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1360273252 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 838187299 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1131042367 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1364230185, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 526968040, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 935886796, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1485944773, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 439576838 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1551484396 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 499950630 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1124773518 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 598183031, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1504033633, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1285933977, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1423314849, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testSnapshot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testSnapshot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
