msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 2092250038 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 769718478 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 412967875 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1341635433 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1652346412 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1028247032 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1938721091 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2014680530 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1822899124 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1221727331 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2119568098 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1034091779 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1080921356, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1645436792, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1978966745, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 429413625, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1724291020, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 208045220, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1122954424, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 891953864, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 245624072, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 608889568, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1917080117 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 852768929 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 397571225 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1025501245 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1891794774 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1975737921 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1276984601 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 61530738 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 470457990 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 347285497 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1003496306, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1948689634, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1615107522, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 475249751, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2116273031, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1788244449, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 99185125, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1346611136, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1499286473, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1161530882, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1847447123 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 977732579 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1727580950 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1957460019 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 921786695 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 970917352 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1153267776 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 307017461 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1730041937 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 766560016 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 83183022, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2042642346, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 864556872, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1469214441, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1110435628, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 837279240, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 466328409, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1518204664, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2011423207, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 477497855, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 561668809 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1923551106 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1761907185 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 934603164 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1230127897 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1999277707 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1237218156 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 625766344 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 260108361 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2145075595 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 72235518, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 155724212, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 525998435, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 340507922, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1720961535, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 130455273, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1335133607, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 63253850, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 968683549, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 770081853, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2071108167 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1859462115 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2098186103 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1531755512 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1499392448 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1756706278 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 164277364 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 666531810 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 576727302 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1309973213 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1946306078, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1072541081, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 637576608, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2080294073, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1083361208, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1816326411, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1799616553, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 398059951, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2072077693, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 230813882, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 474705186 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1483923341 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 668473487 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 75931039 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1552111534 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1356949140 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 95409211 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 104490278 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2078174266 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 843912336 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1044265041, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1257692293, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1836671677, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1587509358, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2129946519, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1291355468, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 920092348, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 997999048, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1652486835, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1670408280, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1566649664 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1092954349 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1219757247 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 701710692 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 540370009 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1979642044 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 828681538 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 698265443 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1205474974 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1000991639 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 214124180, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 368329020, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 75268419, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1861902813, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 517882427, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1279799947, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 997683864, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 405930729, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 350352910, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 249992911, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1429782343 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 376184741 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1823474081 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 578308077 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2096292109 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1334028093 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1305384682 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 169057571 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1041945779 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1843459337 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1928960314, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 952398149, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 282938435, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1426885500, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 103887569, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2064286305, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1652521619, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1758964132, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 861424266, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 30771815, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 722231607 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 363835422 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 154175057 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 462891166 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 249514364 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 457508614 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1665227783 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1863459530 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 802185233 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 767826538 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 187026284, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 934777455, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1545126511, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 690070841, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 858116002, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1276701562, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1808025876, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1334151957, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 948942917, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 107543725, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1666423483 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1198779578 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 112157152 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1222202342 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1736844447 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 992499064 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 229302938 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1808097149 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1280348153 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1837571834 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1032381228, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 359720778, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 763931077, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1369939665, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1552579666, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 973915848, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 577049744, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2096470329, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1480074227, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1266503718, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
