msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1846412426 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 319977154 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileAndDeleteSnapshot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1217467887 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1560379655 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 827328832 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1037942373 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1389432760, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 260638966, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1532554556, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 662925691, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 646445398 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1704535540 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 835426017 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1635358020 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 739703515, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1726515679, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1871580398, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1220813917, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1373646877 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1269339945 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1445222369 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 542839598 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2126664214, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1668385683, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 368802354, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1684541910, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1929476736 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 564555077 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2031667192 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1359603919 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 551994588, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 897801829, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 714850447, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1700078557, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 503353142 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1591683105 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2056499811 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 892611887 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1582330795, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 952288009, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1143968486, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 885991756, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 816302479 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1898996968 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 77738832 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1461360262 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 77811359, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1742235652, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 914039525, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 922547904, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 508756323 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2047812687 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2078741622 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1056889967 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1214753695, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 551797833, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1886301021, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 40177529, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 353296011 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 8268900 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1875025322 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 263656423 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1818440653, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 720638621, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1707634104, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1714539364, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 947462790 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1529010337 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1707293586 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1407986024 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1640832113, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 862062296, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1100288091, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1784908921, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 599316979 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2013613908 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 685407505 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1928983164 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1028538462, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 358847552, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 511357840, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1184248953, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 689140691 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1423978346 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1786872722 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1513757689 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1272257854, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 452817647, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1184974266, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 975629453, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileAndDeleteSnapshot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileAndDeleteSnapshot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
