msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1037324811 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testErasureCodingWorkerXmitsWeight
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1047087935 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 367967231 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1995952705 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1773008684 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 540092563 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 539240764 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 467313213 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 623131585 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1393198164 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1814908102 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 763610533 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1060928475 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1157199772 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 639467920 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1709700394, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1872088401, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1112940474, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 131037934, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 571956559, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 673384643, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1723278948, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 842957574, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 755328698, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 517693873, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1234905692, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1210939243, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 176955204, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1790336174 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1611123536 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1734077872 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1398496308 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 903209195 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 225156486 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 641834336 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1514284834 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1663941024 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 58660798 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 358118852 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1585208455 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 187085313 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1405364111, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 305592737, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 268855857, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1687897314, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 440473623, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 468549415, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 280479446, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 305689210, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 45956130, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 568737015, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1747809617, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1012452929, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1405364111, value is null
msx-reconfagent WARN : conf 1611123536 not existed in confInstanceList when removing.
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 480687267, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 343885824 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1464147340 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1666588382 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 112118823 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2064597302 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 886566382 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 3331307 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 70367685 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 704159934 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 613975171 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1295301679 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1915714159 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 521259859 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1930418212, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2052852312, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 224393405, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 675551, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1546987910, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 577888512, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 316894914, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1123243130, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1851372133, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 616014546, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1491728093, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2068319066, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1930418212, value is null
msx-reconfagent WARN : conf 1464147340 not existed in confInstanceList when removing.
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 892837745, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1061531684 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 576279333 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1116173194 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 598556475 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2019686815 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1484501924 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 960190435 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 197054579 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1516329499 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 918921600 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1110556246 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 61921936 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 377214392 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 710135989, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2027066350, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1241208940, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1955558378, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1381610175, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1725991698, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 676517923, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1359237609, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1437728155, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1408340786, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 731881849, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1164517957, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 710135989, value is null
msx-reconfagent WARN : conf 576279333 not existed in confInstanceList when removing.
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1024488515, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testErasureCodingWorkerXmitsWeight
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testErasureCodingWorkerXmitsWeight
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
