msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testRead
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 684839300 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1903976125 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1631550486 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 841383723 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1912431219 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 643529303 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 705131963 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 716768753 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 509537840 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2076498534 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 486970854 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1105473184 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1750721574 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 935459659 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2138711247, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 558824607 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1389008846, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1226289646 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1714406779, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 197942316 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1765013351, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 933760332 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 994554871, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2089479858 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1860787346, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 984253560 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1537796627, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1350763629 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 8229324, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 126453734 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1968941477, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1143857382 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 45433896, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 193346301 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1304046131, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1447630600 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1578787508, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1903976125 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1620597310, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1903976125 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 259288050, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 837040345 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1680678417, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1324643406 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 585957728, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1863116825 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 628421629, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1115380551 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 40283633, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 828513661 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1194389961, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 117888371 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 109882762, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 764958579 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1931417044, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 588712865 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 430677664, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1425302505 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 905373392, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1799799022 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1734842453, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1681684426 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1856929326, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1903976125 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1632883661, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2096340242 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 633432385, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 289031793 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 135976776, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1854023753 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 567600276, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1454759728 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1098575623, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1749266244 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 300118046, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 885565511 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1457018008, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 826661858 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1428679798, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1879352606 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1177221789, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 892658769 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 215635336, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 330935382 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 601755237, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 954903656 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1247037707, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1228954592, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 205359468, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1513040121, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2086581751, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 639506220, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1388866861, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1832304592, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2108622140, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 955888388, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1509772873, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1463264451, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testRead
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testRead
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
