msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1846412426 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 319977154 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1217467887 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1824322115 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1894144426 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 257718694 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1302141801, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1713605602, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1985028494, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1995952705, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 161982472 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 392403246 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 10001825 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1635358020 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 739703515, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 652007616, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1114525788, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1591954203, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 352083264 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 557342904 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1007664442 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2143700452 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 794563378, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1986676021, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1846508205, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1360332263, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 698784309 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1352913142 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2049121789 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1294605731 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 826690115, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2117043942, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1045397707, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1727420902, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 922871524 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2052452680 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2005776325 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1010983633 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1882395698, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2140322192, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 874981105, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 18601987, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 917704874 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 280862192 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1048842522 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1868964323 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 704894556, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 186075763, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 557593923, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 449074057, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 593045830 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1920098017 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 551797833 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1609038183 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1687586610, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 777236628, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1403413933, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 133205167, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1917149817 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2091439256 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 541248718 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2111181256 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1064315206, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1979860449, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 883735648, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 978599729, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1369885738 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1207953777 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 521270862 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1730465260 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 903195729, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 824915171, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 906741317, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 830381116, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 240959474 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1650299186 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 358847552 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 5563134 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 271341439, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1933224408, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1260390769, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 79094208, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1488608048 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 625971310 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 927159199 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 393183035 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1829883631, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1825811850, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 438263665, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 284660111, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
