msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1846412426 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 319977154 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1217467887 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1824322115 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 102103410 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1720865719 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1388849499, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 472234151, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1985028494, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1995952705, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1152380885 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1039759545 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 9843062 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 939391749 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 844872102, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 540206885, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 194903130, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 556945462, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1997224928 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2036324408 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1414934182 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1905804261 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 630122462, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 350413251, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1122118227, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 212924259, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1665525689 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2009832657 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 295700833 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1433568941 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 148353618, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 648303898, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 920632751, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 714850447, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 665317128 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1779219567 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1854577712 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 671981276 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 999334666, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1952194564, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1020397237, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1066656936, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1966114624 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 246745017 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 566698125 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 717998169 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 337029130, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2138765681, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1649026294, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1056953587, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 268086000 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2056277810 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1067414015 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 829053325 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 934223763, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 27818833, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1641565704, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1254827280, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 69670055 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1552836537 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1170399398 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2121551683 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1602069459, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 501991708, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1081635795, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 406180845, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 839552703 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 3768050 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 502066023 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1197535593 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 401792389, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1266224518, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2030294088, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1544031987, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 79094208 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 853887645 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1310344955 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 839180856 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1406114969, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 387377349, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1088649990, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2008619427, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 438263665 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 454841229 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 801996095 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1074976188 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1064528406, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 810593327, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1414431049, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 194672584, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1003928100 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 761577728 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 621014131 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 923539816 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1409712092, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2023817059, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2147002844, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 108209958, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1500151620 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 797313059 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 459875531 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1744942100 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 147623131, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1152342155, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 936546050, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 173783788, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
