msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testBlockPoolStorageStates
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 428910174 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1864230087 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1328323494 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1527086220 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 259319861, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2078641942, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1296654536 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1457417579 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1428022141, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1859823482, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 176097974 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1251247808 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1489946715, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1175154004, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 203936099 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 514793058 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1373646877, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2008907751, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1370597622 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1368193098 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1913113425, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 985679444, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1875108260 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 592088871 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 794949943, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 366828226, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 523794808 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1470400901 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2025066647, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 827099978, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1740708279 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1880102535 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1615535645, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1487287849, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 870019773 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1778028150 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1776312161, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1002410023, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2128859746 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1141811719 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2090589929, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1023344953, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1431099210 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1373220972 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 390374517, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 80903581, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 277437206 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1150480094 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 397857830, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1641565704, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2144282958 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 173115411 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1338065644, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1300399812, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1886381510 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 784556863 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 175822565, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 197107207, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 649681675 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1508720236 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1866340787, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 527939020, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 724525007 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1124360095 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 653553574, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1564688538, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1010434098 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1175662879 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 64989209, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 264767425, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1780298277 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 983834017 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 975629453, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 324158286, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1549623669 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1927452108 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 801996095, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1910813448, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 133544411 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 257650296 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1769616559, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1115099772, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 662000775 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 232200992 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 367725289, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1429980012, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1500151620 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1240730624 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1529305105, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 173783788, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 836841663 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1005344801 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 895259838, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1223360538, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1687293378 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1849602253 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1964697764, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 703315444, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 307036850 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1551760389 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2004683715, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 197535883, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 789885174 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1487884406 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 693434027, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 154146418, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1619543326 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 263233676 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1519482659, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1259065345, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 886510498 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 70482685 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 416285645, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 232042179, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 187150864 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1418310135 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2009317431, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1411828534, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 370356001 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1108651663 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 174999703, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 440815523, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1723810021 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 26502020 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 21063905, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 74633460, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 202395890 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2048625222 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1654300454, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 417160915, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1129442657 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 740735495 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 933293116, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1492272748, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1756435781 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2101493838 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1210486508, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 91273747, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 277780535 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 705957093 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 638466103, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1419428140, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1160112616 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1655562261 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1676938400, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 190550835, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 703841336 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1600869357 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2095225389, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1226616812, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1226616812, value is null
msx-reconfagent WARN : conf 703841336 not existed in confInstanceList when removing.
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testBlockPoolStorageStates
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testBlockPoolStorageStates
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
