msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testMissingStripedBlockWithBusyNode
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 867148091 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 825936265 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1661777060 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 453398853 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1731137986 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 788048067 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1389432760 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 143486875 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1420012431 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1902455960 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 995631377 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1815025408 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1337655323 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2135790485, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 80191608, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 574077658, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 29774113, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1647243882, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 923013679, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1924966548, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1340057206, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1807911555, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1190566357, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 509864971, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1219637204 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 624079697 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1077316166 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 468033320 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2036704540 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 627746290 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 173197870 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1250816994 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2062132026 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 924393200 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1722645488 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2055288499, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1090057640, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 823343982, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 648214521, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 167692593, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1041638599, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 508873523, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 44771088, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1602288195, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1802896480, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 182678201, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1202547191 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 816302479 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 447486093 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1584688439 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1193710204 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 33558975 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1658273453 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1001351478 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1671084561 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 320861946 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1831875736 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1577353545, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 829053325, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1067414015, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1472494238, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 182052414, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 390374517, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 187019413, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1073427864, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1747025217, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2121491280, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1831717330, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testMissingStripedBlockWithBusyNode
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testMissingStripedBlockWithBusyNode
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
