msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 601893033 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testNNSendsErasureCodingTasks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1047087935 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 36531985 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1244880808 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1475842502 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1424788681 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1490985125 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1987354705 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 814377348 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1999036805 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 930317866 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 653337757 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1112940474 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 424944647 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1709700394 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 701724503 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1306085976 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 13692003 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1729734072 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1073051173 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1747721875 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 777190206, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 13643661, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1544067887, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 115086468, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1373861264, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 845388562, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1850646717, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1116197959, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 989440614, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 379430898, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1661161169, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1502079282, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 140428850, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 615853374, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 683718244, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 693345846, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 876823802, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1542598424, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 353023213, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 858199369 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 209242417 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1412495996 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 379567993 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1921206345 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 846199762 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 620805177 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1797893343 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 858878418 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1152364488 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1030632470 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1486569606 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1141433053 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2077860161 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 928560371 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1325216442 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1265406032 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 311157156 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2087030674 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 961874031 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 506421758, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2098389893, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1887810718, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1264397523, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1315283330, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1125391215, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 819248207, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1478832827, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 506421758, value is null
msx-reconfagent WARN : conf 1141433053 not existed in confInstanceList when removing.
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1649044952, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1353224791, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 750918460, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 532927104, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 727121170, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 347735578, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 201301113, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 348134690, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1269343725, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1067329358, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1720440331, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1165072236, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 780496902 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 201019658 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 890969041 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1118002591 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1186590434 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1600161986 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 437636946 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 239254572 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 901078804 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 647729204 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 792266524 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1603625353 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 152325926 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1080173504 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1170380221 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 64840020 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1316713703 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1461053278 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 641757708 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1306167533 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1159483099, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1237313369, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 226615124, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 407674790, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2111981391, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1406879695, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 48480499, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1878277771, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 920148066, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1295792814, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1685209139, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 96263888, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1754281331, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1203606288, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1237313369, value is null
msx-reconfagent WARN : conf 239254572 not existed in confInstanceList when removing.
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1111195428, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 356296874, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1159483099, value is null
msx-reconfagent WARN : conf 1186590434 not existed in confInstanceList when removing.
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 514565644, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1951384912, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 861319836, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 281580495, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testNNSendsErasureCodingTasks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testNNSendsErasureCodingTasks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
