msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeStorageDirectives#testTargetStorageTypes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1707357061 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1438362954 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 104377158 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 70429815 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2058769398 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 159891341, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1073729720, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 373252481, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 714954101 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 991821514 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1336231629 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 477116649, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2142200149, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 571932891, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1342243929 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 771223758 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1747152168 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 436194738 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 976012390, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1143611640, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 20611241, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1486751484, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1167116511 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1921922087 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 209189100 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1792632470 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 717309651, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1642844793, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1596690884, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 535445531, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 410773230 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2069492629 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 825096653 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1498530467 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 494919725 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1764210981, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 400360688, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 773907950, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 543250978, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 626039000, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 548534375 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1266860878 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 355156714 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1658900628 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1246701681 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1577501033, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1419435706, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 116721287, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 424444287, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1765183577, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1242135886 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 171897657 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1286996316 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 246988488 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1076799092, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1976765380, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1652280761, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1513401101, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeStorageDirectives#testTargetStorageTypes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeStorageDirectives#testTargetStorageTypes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
