msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1846412426 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 319977154 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1217467887 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1824322115 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1933129092 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1369468094 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2008159348, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1963974958, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1985028494, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1995952705, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 761973299 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 253027775 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 836621476 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2141932519 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 524566446, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1955587357, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 959055079, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1360440329, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 394349340 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1572820532 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1630968203 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1159694255 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1479100519, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 117249632, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 666911607, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1881419576, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1215023524 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1788545647 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1775897362 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 595663369 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1250816994, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 173197870, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2075352262, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1333945918, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1076462213 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1307810440 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1429133319 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 854640632 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1125509551, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 236858974, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1488352537, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1253396693, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 926905424 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1403380247 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2138765681 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1292325833 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1014508942, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1518529528, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1795560878, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 956856274, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 389519344 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 936931778 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1489997716 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1120043781 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1446238973, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1143135560, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 922486271, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 457893088, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1738784081 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 105146840 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1921143808 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1183701566 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1929447269, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 301205240, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 668929853, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1041255755, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1727026317 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1758876146 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 345516674 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1987154353 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1706939736, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 465621833, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1237743088, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 488898339, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 650410100 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1493642909 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1665324560 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 797539755 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1492358500, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 197149397, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 690287064, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1241182310, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 18338606 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 505323251 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 934617920 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1361409513 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1287401019, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 873105556, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 146638536, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1723177853, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
