msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 175408781 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 807657332 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 597364637 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1478995734 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 80141040, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 957923719, value is null
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgrade#testUpgrade
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1840218995 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1810226969, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 557872884 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1344920160 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 123023537, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2054258572, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1930728396 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1232061897, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1689980105 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 542797836 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1236406981, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 280287355, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 704458259 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 657157080 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1188915019, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 767169764, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2110168778 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 792827613 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1793127581, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1344298815, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 278721547 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1564595075, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 745236046 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1804396649, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 374873563 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 488950525, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1795161886 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 987931994, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2014483033 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1726550308, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2089998702 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 109278633, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2109825395 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 820214632 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 940243889, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1243647702, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1779242925 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 947865134, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 578458290 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 66974849 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 830894101, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1300397604, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 753661931 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 908941220 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1500726758, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 920752950, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 664157517 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1427723094 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1876751606, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1603288539, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 422706150 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1839674310, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 578410166 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 508133365, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1250954409 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1293889044, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2091949608 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1471267931, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 300171221 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 561498053, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2072535533 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1312372514, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgrade#testUpgrade
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgrade#testUpgrade
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
