msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testDNStorageStates
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 428910174 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1864230087 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1328323494 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1527086220 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 259319861, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2078641942, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 442205321 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1532756055 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 657998502, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 691096777, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1113414982 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1277678493 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1654589039, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 943165647, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1472759652 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1847559273 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 839161014, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 903064416, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 368955890 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1953175805 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1659363322, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1164436797, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 775174220 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 231351829 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1551139176, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 277601240, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1263841085 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2095373876 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1844700236, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2041611826, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1022130643 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1070740013 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 20945625, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1076462213, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 890733699 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 817944369 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1002410023, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1164344728, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1992525817 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 820422499 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1728897841, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1336762904, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 341887005 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1790430792 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 337029130, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 344751179, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1983706553 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 677329142 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1472494238, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1370709582, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1481206935 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 832322085 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1262477422, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 688113407, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 9054826 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 541248718 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 720661245, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1081635795, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1672736386 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 512140711 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1192603187, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1905548224, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2046652309 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1551350415 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 901852282, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1562452013, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 243596165 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1607458416 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 118492650, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1629133067, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 18459190 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 640736196 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1111173986, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 839180856, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1746074170 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 182584006 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 697240075, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1964514128, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1112400678 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1756143301 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1547965072, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1127174687, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1134976216 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 111702054 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1116264846, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1142653826, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1138779634 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 607676473 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 38027658, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 141154428, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 406265225 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 505635448 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1749590097, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1559154670, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2088246338 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1032908467 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1465146431, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1432535753, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1849602253 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1789376127 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 814300680, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 740950652, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2081703861 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1832101486 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1595180029, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1292784864, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 661440732 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1679022055 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1332038894, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 348731252, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1625539182 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2062888647 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 917190676, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1842571958, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 767312012 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2010856706 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 947437179, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1477431915, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1437977899 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1899433964 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1480569460, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 848343462, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1716661933 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 132372445 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 226213650, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 152937115, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 7508078 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1806434229 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 368788838, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 4888672, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2057104863 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1986679541 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 690070378, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 507377172, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 409832049 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 267061647 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1506083063, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1110103522, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 622609024 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 370055648 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2143108725, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 829567751, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 95640701 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 457732796 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1952874090, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1394526584, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2048537704 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 618480889 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 380881157, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1474640235, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1474640235, value is null
msx-reconfagent WARN : conf 2048537704 not existed in confInstanceList when removing.
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testDNStorageStates
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testDNStorageStates
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
