msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStripedFile0
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 290008716 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 809791548 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 965107042 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1289597750 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 705670298 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 490641659 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 923110124 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1707412342 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1452420542 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 5996740 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 157735700 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 899639468 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 344767683 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 958191210 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1801879386 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 268408643 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 94998793 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 261279011, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1406536704, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 731248201, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1468026871, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1923864307, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1318771413, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1710456869, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2036217038, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 222642726, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1445555081, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1615246871, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 246005605, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1157918682, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 476013580, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1993745473, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 809791548 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1726390603 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 180299245 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1314041991 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2061805569 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1956062089 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 781835244 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1629427784 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1999455826 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1058720332 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 71701255 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2000616539, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1586314817, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1140448440, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2104988958, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 496882035, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 434457561, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 748192841, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1833984671, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 606229090, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1320792048, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1352803982, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStripedFile0
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStripedFile0
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
