msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1846412426 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 319977154 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs_2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1217467887 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1824322115 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1933129092 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1720865719 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1388849499, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1963974958, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1832283291, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1995952705, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 180078856 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1039759545 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1235908203 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 98801744 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 487764004, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1294139740, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 194903130, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 556945462, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 32206364 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 337545117 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 796774130 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 822409149 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1885307815, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1625428489, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 424226973, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1370597622, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1296612741 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1315038402 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1403815002 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 148353618 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 34757331, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1940737740, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 899376395, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2009832657, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 35874744 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 577037372 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 963768574 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1347294617 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1109461985, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1713129148, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 672982715, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1020397237, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 373973695 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 604990529 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1494794848 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1011276990 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1605783571, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 685871974, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1847301137, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1795560878, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1825662648 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1545563479 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1170173753 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1955049794 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 371156515, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1710422448, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1185502159, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1242874959, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 366752671 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1878454236 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2089636626 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1943275118 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1064456966, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2095710480, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 309271464, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 140110402, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 261216862 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1682828548 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 792195577 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 626961003 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1535454025, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 576222471, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 634991000, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 843005078, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1301653294 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 5563134 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 173175486 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 269257589 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 767764251, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 337777621, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 271341439, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1268237485, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1440057381 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 643552582 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1204030294 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 759564454 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 894332932, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 504006221, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 309349909, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1793469566, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs_2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs_2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
