msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStatefulRead
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 9357863 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1997896736 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1799351474 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 717149427 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 763909623 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1796064047 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1843880197 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 982518049 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 772054394 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1793430496 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1658982698 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 761291648 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1551734639 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1252906595 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 673807236 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 757078187 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 680835200 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 500808707, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1705711915, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 934371447, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1770484644, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 813165466, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1163785267, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1352846536, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1455411184, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 43929105, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1937315799, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 350197213, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 207808414, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 349901905, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1934593318, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1882073189, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1695654172 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 171948272 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1501273738 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1506589166 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1254372761 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2042055975 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1739190141 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2003094381 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1094388084 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 674689114 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 503883698 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 509954301 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 813048070 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 919664866 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 115386178 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 627012553, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1453335504, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 875622367, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 421010335, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 978351855, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 624755881, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1482691316, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2066175272, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 95956488, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 517557463, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2057883915, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 946347657, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1250300265, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1179408393, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 200129138, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStatefulRead
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStatefulRead
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
