msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQJMWithFaults#testRecoverAfterDoubleFailures
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1296674576 for JournalNode
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1112414583, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 816798571, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1119622337, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2018260103, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1700721442, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 962287291, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1971991758, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 402808045, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1920305914, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 226690498, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 259251414, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 677120200, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1434066477, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2000648320, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1731295355, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1947941827, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1902801188, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1042891691, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 633131207, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1419125235, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1395262169, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1410367298, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1306535359, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1521204009, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 502891368, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2100771791, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1807911555, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1028472807, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 968957548, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 52487168, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 977650730, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2123269713, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1031968647, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1691858720, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 687399269, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 763610533, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1657842786, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 584501954, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 43856716, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 910504711, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 643587433, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 843686350, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1164699452, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 183304529, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1720746883, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 106113013, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 777190206, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 731610911, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 180078856, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 807986446, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2065730373, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1285072597, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1694519286, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 604602011, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 380216561, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1006727288, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 118504112, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1538745405, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1415979460, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1885307815, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 727236, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 131301148, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 899376395, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 66231846, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1433568941, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1544562778, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1657697023, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 719146276, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1077464378, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1164344728, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 229329107, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1992525817, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1030384622, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1847301137, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2081595126, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1462661081, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 65310008, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 354350463, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2010546406, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1489997716, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 749362556, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 19467337, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2144912729, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1440939580, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2015521846, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1064315206, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 975354582, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1784908921, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 987015126, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 724525007, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 507944445, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1254649194, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 566042862, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1302779492, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1842102517, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 526981115, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 925672150, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 836614448, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 104367332, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2142660176, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1257526338, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1287401019, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 225511870, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1492400048, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1115349385, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 670996243, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2060569250, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 923539816, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1500151620, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1382756158, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2074896491, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1492801385, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1101231294, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2146540595, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1786077314, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1104820974, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1092245861, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1591398176, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 823263265, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 780566650, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 257749659, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2068279617, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1898730595, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1404150776, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1895203464, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 375781972, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1708084589, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1007550632, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 48522228, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1164692340, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 840008200, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1033850902, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1369854401, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 511646132, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1478493964, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1117448897, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1283634655, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1886247880, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1526730726, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1792826268, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 201484047, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1776180205, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1938377818, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 530402062, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 956315623, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1028908791, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 591824146, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1717688512, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1970518510, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1160326849, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 438094511, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1677544922, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 349330286, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 258027623, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 736631002, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1312966018, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1109218483, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 798579452, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 664144670, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1906635841, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1538855361, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 754853679, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 377570010, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 264138968, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1794509290, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1520921298, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 569235601, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 257684104, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1506030945, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1383031847, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 749030825, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 816576412, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2059701776, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1753871727, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 3804010, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1124987728, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 312233241, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2124688514, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1468809177, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2132961406, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2131595007, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 128736076, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 736951628, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 355977028, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1114835192, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1502710927, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 289710123, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1406340387, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1821330375, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 232782444, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2015210611, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1375979535, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 153623833, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 862090614, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 46767245, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1861083998, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1951403599, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 444096469, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 11529827, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 732559750, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1425202985, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 143830798, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 109987815, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1514969303, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1630986748, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2063332000, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 364998425, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1773813582, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 125530569, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 496259008, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 332149166, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 293786079, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1169780300, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1705282731, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 816821377, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 340715687, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1895082945, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1680634575, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 294436333, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 966457052, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 114109618, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1052362101, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1264031938, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1250112917, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 274579533, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 549357837, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 885984896, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 41975027, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 625907465, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1956477953, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 242416388, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1853751897, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1478039798, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 449953373, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 776011197, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 799150815, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1456299382, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 411362929, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2066777507, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1239462179, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1621419545, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 524876402, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 2130906226, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1891834647, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 1586433944, value is null
msx-reconfagent JournalNode stop 583178920, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQJMWithFaults#testRecoverAfterDoubleFailures
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQJMWithFaults#testRecoverAfterDoubleFailures
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
