msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1846412426 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 319977154 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 553879264, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 364704856, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 276748028, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 979550238, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1286580650, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1632300236, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1317963297, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 809520570, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 182678201, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1497538476, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 775423528, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 117885704, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 714850447, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 164733543, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1410186665, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1740797856, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 773518491, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 589311025, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1643838324, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1210600718, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 404152906, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1776312161, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1004862656, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1952194564, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 33558975, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1641931089, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1875532039, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 589610983, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 956061012, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1815095837, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1702178880, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1298483237, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 159860059, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1681434622, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 429269396, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1507293264, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1967667267, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1891974590, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1367612102, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1240328647, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1481056406, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1281361915, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 401792389, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2047799833, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
