msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 2133583450 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 2109181716 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1201279605, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 291470356, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 348408027, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1221230723, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 492778016, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2082414412, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 766383260, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1155397088, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1825724751, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 781283997, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2075695317, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 311427267, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1883260209, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 227387148, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1230041076, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 861235304, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1838731331, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 650897635, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 63324145, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 111077610, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1510401480, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 748782628, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1931073605, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 411249719, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1927500516, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1836218488, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2092247288, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1568276821, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1107102198, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 920372443, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 442646002, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 193671525, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 839149475, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1705297175, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1297841573, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1977759708, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 195969348, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1053101929, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 714020958, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 641164343, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2077772342, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2097593893, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1803673942, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1528034789, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 437756094, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 897611848, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1221006314, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1985739391, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 703600779, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2030015788, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1077209653, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 86436250, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 112870754, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 629914355, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1207616721, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 897424082, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 788861058, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 243002768, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1161441239, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 167188209, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1938620815, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1392387221, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 749133688, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1363859151, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1546909720, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1398621222, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1213967774, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1521211821, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 535376718, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 297316187, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1354291375, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1733747785, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 113050031, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 127700118, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 492259145, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 889084166, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 713138847, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1664177517, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1827937832, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1408168780, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1990450220, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 626291336, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 517857577, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1684958756, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 161870957, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 162847416, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1430125454, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1756967810, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 70669738, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 940850809, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 160297110, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1891865955, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1882622414, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1079585825, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1354228875, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1421366236, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1827708973, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1842370905, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 22146587, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1702049147, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
