msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 2106620844 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1518864111 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs_2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1790387225, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 302987494, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 436094532, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1637613097, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1251247808, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1591954203, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1970856042, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1842952737, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2086945474, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2010221835, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2008907751, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1774795940, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 311788384, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 277601240, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1740797856, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1395105902, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1657697023, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1047873000, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 197195067, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1618180899, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1134894336, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1901700557, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1423507882, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1004862656, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1900438403, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1320443884, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 13928051, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 662045021, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 832322085, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 447144896, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1458905542, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1737796619, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1668004795, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1196836564, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1241395522, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1007402143, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1562452013, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 332998175, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 770669178, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1237743088, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1079167170, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1242969461, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1493642909, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1015539383, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs_2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs_2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
