msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 2106620844 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1518864111 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1340057206, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1882116496, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 405036720, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1637613097, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 666312528, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 614635686, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1393112209, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1272744797, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 708350323, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1808884231, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 45666436, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 685219002, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2085601983, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 274426173, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 36707189, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 851033362, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2062132026, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 146799499, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1732513254, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1133730108, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 413946856, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1249547869, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 376601041, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 892591894, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1069571746, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 775911842, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 299162582, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 920497855, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 274996233, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1389808948, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 568462037, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 769986276, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 173431997, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2091439256, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1806121021, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1293495023, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 488898339, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 531373404, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 649681675, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1668004795, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1684802151, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 556263022, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 707892422, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1658534033, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
