msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 922872566 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 133250414 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testSnapshot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1848886161, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1773008684, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 181078353, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1416415959, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1890318768, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 995531141, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1833592262, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1360440329, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 193625667, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1953290071, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1425433685, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2010221835, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 339186291, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1358169683, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 668301868, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 238308051, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1997753864, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 105393903, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 313149846, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1642319693, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 300659126, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1926296244, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 269244031, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 577682023, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 379886173, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1790598448, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1481731217, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 341887005, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1446238973, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 754592847, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 492045670, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1641565704, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1547994163, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 271944754, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 423109432, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1102181662, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1741007954, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 987015126, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1750120280, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 279963418, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1629133067, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1842463725, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1338229093, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 553846997, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 104367332, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1598561139, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1562912969, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 414765427, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 140702728, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1293465402, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 156127720, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1152554134, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1340493091, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2122267901, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1030014337, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1490466745, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 337460547, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2074896491, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2066919721, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 909278444, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 964094970, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 498627971, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 710144533, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1369541409, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1180383462, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1964335680, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 543028700, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1980959273, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 373485230, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1137013089, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1093703004, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1016881733, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 233315297, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1250950517, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 629321967, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 873002645, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1576416089, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1980008362, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1194587893, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1694102613, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1043822951, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1089407736, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 212397882, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 644399750, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1603114855, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2000779038, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1710180594, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1727776231, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1510518916, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 591824146, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 414634945, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1567025476, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 178658894, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1496585534, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1066270324, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 378196591, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1187053699, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2042235503, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1358820431, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 143357682, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1478984550, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 472479895, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1572582034, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 863366099, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1871048194, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1572423881, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 771119702, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1436218006, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1981900848, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1295338046, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 190490203, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 833272193, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 322100932, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1395740534, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 220661927, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2084912180, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1078783335, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1481417616, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 112026691, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 656898222, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1355533479, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1318424328, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1999784536, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 131837504, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1810873106, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1934418561, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 516459169, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2041288701, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 180654430, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1120226221, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1826350572, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 553629909, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1566390876, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1708779306, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1251686742, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2191105, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1580727170, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1799310296, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1974284481, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2094260442, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1641214567, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1904600593, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1580751727, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 195359600, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 219962610, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 198503937, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 540501426, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 787497403, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2111069331, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 366513168, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 356318598, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1251709638, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 126791597, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 819027530, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1495931010, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1238642607, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1113025977, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1296761246, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1961611609, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1742056495, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1601055449, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1347127045, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1483842690, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 836023272, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testSnapshot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testSnapshot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
