msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testRead
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 620622740 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 812171710 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1174378275, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 374635814, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 720838377, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 255817201, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 874661066, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 376495018, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 870175685, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1201627384, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1379685401, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 114271965, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 215895672, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1388017521, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 817146935, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 659064424, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 894286951, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 232497275, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1219166093, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1804171330, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1246697072, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1990127760, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1870337855, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 352561219, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 573019386, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1891295985, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1790968967, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2139109454, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1522103882, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1975731719, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 869430595, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 519149461, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1280913490, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 425777286, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1135163805, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 850595625, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1162194871, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1447119280, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 671292623, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 376326688, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1846419667, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 913281088, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 742511401, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 968399130, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 666835776, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1359284788, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 411637135, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 570943308, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1412494837, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1395587537, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testRead
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testRead
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
