msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1931369801 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1646732075 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1833278688, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 498332676, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 778411113, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1742604519, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1498774139, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1574779337, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1398193229, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1118467740, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 347895376, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 837118506, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1999084682, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 106526171, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 623036880, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 215067618, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2110896325, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1887776710, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1487277024, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 916562793, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 280352962, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1078391732, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 851719664, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 742775241, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1116957812, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1068305566, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 637807783, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1542358075, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1335066333, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2122082723, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1385276788, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 624548026, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1119170642, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2023373524, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2019475490, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1815793451, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1806981904, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 297225572, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 281787236, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1725938757, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 601263452, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 486331449, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 568458092, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1073755511, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 978411643, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1351184235, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 766668271, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 887076027, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 209438061, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1568782421, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 309632504, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 311897802, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 848905737, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 788098465, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1143133494, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 792587588, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 250084695, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 473854864, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 584615524, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2093338683, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 995826647, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1441080878, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 488792999, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 469650981, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 869170509, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1757196355, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 393327689, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1247807248, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1170902369, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1672579912, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1500148994, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 887591288, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2091967034, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2108330463, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1993857107, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 128927524, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1111930204, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 384706372, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1366780965, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 489245107, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 872899397, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 839584099, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 561966657, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 498707903, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 698566901, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1602266803, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 760517837, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2015688052, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1936076646, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 423234373, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2040951493, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 535630872, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2011869282, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 267470060, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 119195737, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1222349963, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 284980182, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1411369726, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 253807207, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 432390983, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 328081920, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1753693657, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
