msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 2106620844 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1518864111 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2035801202, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1892869131, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 836969741, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 597364637, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 214768579, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2079278380, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1842952737, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1573125303, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 368802354, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2028510206, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2104842259, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 723602324, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 828535871, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1247348185, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1395105902, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2126664214, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1609754699, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2081952435, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 881662115, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 223783590, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1107218767, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1604020967, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 323761934, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1681215776, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 626941486, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1193710204, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1073427864, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1684615718, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 117248709, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 155140910, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1001351478, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 889885902, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1196836564, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 795275472, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 180489140, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1019157412, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1323676377, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 478123697, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 38647502, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 707719282, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 83534488, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 65894433, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1974356511, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 651992021, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1559434619, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 387201851, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 280078161, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1636824514, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 553056396, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 765880900, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1728465884, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1234435772, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
