msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testBlockTokenExpired
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1516542295 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1893635267 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 869654548, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 98166983, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1728233923, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1637600772, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 331747322, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1620946158, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 290577521, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1703729401, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 234649798, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1743339403, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 533917280, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 912678182, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 104891223, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2123132155, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1321199676, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 307726919, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1873845762, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1728051550, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1994828950, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 749787128, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1309091871, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1699461995, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1973921959, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1365728426, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1938725972, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 761104767, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 209583143, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1715918914, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 389087616, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1079971996, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1129285486, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1915231664, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 90486798, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2015629689, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1421707074, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1429900303, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1853767955, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2019139868, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2105688223, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1016567257, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1825452953, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1446700295, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1850985517, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1953192384, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2030849264, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1894290523, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1277139695, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1522469178, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 336982920, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1185244044, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testBlockTokenExpired
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testBlockTokenExpired
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
