msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testBlockTokenExpired
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 882207144 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1825923425 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1923446166, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2056486131, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1453177135, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 762112386, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1339002914, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 286482578, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 532895390, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 93670676, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 46708125, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 714358068, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 30310723, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 69370929, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2030947620, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 568344213, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 592304811, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1151747123, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1220309705, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1150567110, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 321220574, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1155432816, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 817838926, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1609212454, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1563886582, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1042726519, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1687035614, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1937659285, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 694501129, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 699527453, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 656923694, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1166608501, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 670336950, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 665046087, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 32454702, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1862994964, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1565497235, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2035918811, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1689287824, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1638180611, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 148073209, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1244308121, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 976335442, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 796138446, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 697434936, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 88928587, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1048491520, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1390846641, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1149016737, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1048777434, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1656356245, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 87529715, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testBlockTokenExpired
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testBlockTokenExpired
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
