msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testDNStorageStates
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 428910174 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1658512704 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 879311295, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 95685867, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1897368146, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1137667747, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1220813917, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1717136008, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 98801744, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1449987177, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 118504112, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2122256138, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1466717494, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1311315651, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 593573025, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1055800875, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1555895711, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 688581408, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1076462213, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1643646293, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1560406561, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1293389141, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1568159144, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2115983437, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1858493278, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 477463877, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 407877261, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1373220972, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1737796619, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1680147911, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1763872389, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 193156903, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1802073627, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 523331047, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1295820487, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2055472834, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1282899579, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 864657274, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1576499395, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1881309779, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 159190022, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1175662879, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 401862395, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1977508673, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 480943798, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 603483530, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1423639915, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 411474203, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1429980012, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 251004688, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1399691256, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1184082415, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1823014131, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 858507952, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1732902480, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2085813377, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 793483510, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 572137576, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1715413882, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 98459285, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 976133979, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1816633311, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1344946518, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 529766927, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 463313451, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 624545052, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 706960270, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2050124277, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1106189986, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 200760156, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 500096147, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 431939256, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 926837661, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 8633103, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 575779772, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1644155208, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1644155208, value is null
msx-reconfagent ERROR : conf 1617566660 not existed in confInstanceList when removing.
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testDNStorageStates
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testDNStorageStates
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
