msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 2106620844 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1518864111 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileAndDeleteSnapshot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1790387225, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 302987494, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 436094532, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1637613097, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 356691811, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 194903130, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2065730373, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1801704517, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1232703108, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1219637204, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1165568071, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1387671967, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1726519676, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1544518128, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1154172430, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1830231264, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2082673402, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 847839957, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 741191984, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1016090398, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 293667566, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 817944369, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1631959070, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2055288499, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2113367449, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 635739314, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1316205906, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1141811719, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1817281652, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1150480094, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 133205167, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 862486751, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 140110402, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 674233333, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1649884294, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 462911221, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 289281017, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1295820487, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1864007931, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1910098693, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1644987969, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1320826684, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1930401429, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1783047526, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileAndDeleteSnapshot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileAndDeleteSnapshot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
